Welcome back.
Let's do a nice little exercise to solidify our knowledge of this keyword I have here three objects
and each one of them has a name and a say method that are slightly different.
What do you think that this values or what do you think the log will be on the right hand side here.
Let's start off with the first one.
If I do B dot say what's going to happen what will this be if I run this does you get that right.
This should make sense right.
This is the object B.
Nice and easy OK.
What about C this time around we're returning a function so this might look a little bit confusing but
we're essentially saying the same function is going to return another function.
So that's a function inside of a another function and that's going to return console log.
This if I run this or I should change it to see if I run this I get a function that should make sense
right.
When we run say it returns for us this function so if I run this function again by doing this what's
going to happen who calls this function this gets called first and then this gets called Let's find
out Whoops I get an error again remember code sandboxes like this sometimes give out an error because
this is an unexpected use of this.
So this part we have to copy and open it up in our console if I copy and paste here and I run this I
get the window object because well remember a method that has a function inside of it that this gets
bound to window an unintended consequence of JavaScript of dynamically scoped this that was the tricky
one.
Let's refresh here.
What about D.
Object D that uses an error function this time around instead of just the function.
So this is going to be lexical scope.
If I run this while I get a function nothing new right because we return a function but if I call this
function again and I run this and look at that it fixed our problem because the this keyword was lexical
scoped inside of the error function it doesn't care about where it was called.